docs/source/introduction.rst, before:

.. _chapter_overview:

Overview
========

Turtlebot3
----------

TurtleBot3 is a new generation mobile robot that is modular, compact and customizable. Let's explore ROS and create exciting applications for education, research and product development.

The goal of the TurtleBot3 is to drastically reduce the size and lower the price of the platform without sacrificing capability, functionality, and quality. Optional parts such as chassis, computers and sensors are available, and the TurtleBot3 can be customized in various ways. The TurtleBot3 is willing to be in the center of the maker movement by applying the latest technical advances of the SBC(Single Board Computer), the Depth sensor and 3D printing technology.

"Introducing the Turtlebot3" on ROSCon2016
------------------------------------------

Authors: Yoonseok Pyo, Yoshihiro Shibata, Leon Jung, Darby Lim (`ROBOTIS`_)

- PDF: http://roscon.ros.org/2016/presentations/ROSCon2016_Turtlebot3_ROBOTIS.pdf
- Video: https://vimeo.com/187699447

TurtleBot3 Collaboration
------------------------

.. image:: _static/logo_cooperation.png

Press
-----

- IEEE Spectrum (May 2, 2017)
: http://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/robotics-hardware/review-robotis-turtlebot-3

- ROBOHUB (December 28, 2016)
: http://robohub.org/celebrating-9-years-of-ros/

- 3D Printing Industry (October 13, 2016)
: https://3dprintingindustry.com/news/advances-robotics-made-easier-forthcoming-3d-printed-turtlebot-96844/

- IEEE Spectrum (October 12, 2016)
: http://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/diy/robotis-and-osrf-announce-turtlebot-3-smaller-cheaper-and-modular



.. _ROBOTIS: www.robotis.com

Commit message:

added flyer and changed the overview

docs/source/introduction.rst, after:

.. _chapter_overview:

Overview
========

.. image:: _static/overview/turtlebot3_flyer_front.png

Turtlebot3
----------

TurtleBot3 is a new generation mobile robot that is modular, compact and customizable. Let's explore ROS and create exciting applications for education, research and product development.

The goal of the TurtleBot3 is to drastically reduce the size and lower the price of the platform without sacrificing capability, functionality, and quality. Optional parts such as chassis, computers and sensors are available, and the TurtleBot3 can be customized in various ways. The TurtleBot3 is willing to be in the center of the maker movement by applying the latest technical advances of the SBC(Single Board Computer), the Depth sensor and 3D printing technology.

TurtleBot3 is a collaboration project among Open Robotics, ROBOTIS, and more partners like Intel, Onshape, OROCA. The Open Robotics is in charge of software and community activities, while ROBOTIS is in charge of manufacturing and global distribution. We need more partners who can provide technology, educational service or distribution in each country.

.. image:: _static/logo_cooperation.png

News
----

- 03/17/2017 `The Silicon Valley Startup Creating Robot DNA, Bloomberg <https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2017-05-17/the-silicon-valley-startup-creating-robot-dna-video>`_
- 05/02/2017 `Hands-on With TurtleBot 3, a Powerful Little Robot for Learning ROS, IEEE Spectrum <http://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/robotics-hardware/review-robotis-turtlebot-3>`_
- 12/28/2016 `Celebrating 9 Years of ROS, ROBOHUB <http://robohub.org/celebrating-9-years-of-ros/>`_
- 10/13/2016 `Advances in robotics made easier by forthcoming 3D printed TurtleBot, 3D Printing Industry <https://3dprintingindustry.com/news/advances-robotics-made-easier-forthcoming-3d-printed-turtlebot-96844/>`_
- 10/12/2016 `Robotis and OSRF Announce TurtleBot 3: Smaller, Cheaper, and Modular, IEEE Spectrum <http://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/diy/robotis-and-osrf-announce-turtlebot-3-smaller-cheaper-and-modular>`_
- 09/21/2016 "Introducing the Turtlebot3" on ROSCon2016, `PDF <http://roscon.ros.org/2016/presentations/ROSCon2016_Turtlebot3_ROBOTIS.pdf>`_, `Video <https://vimeo.com/187699447>`_

.. _ROBOTIS: www.robotis.com
